Here's the README file in Markdown format for the provided instructions:

\`\`\`markdown \# Multer Example

This repository demonstrates a simple file upload feature using Express
and Multer. The uploaded files are stored in directories named after the
username provided in the form.

\## Prerequisites

\- Node.js - npm (Node Package Manager)

\## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run the project.

\### 1. Create a New Repository on GitHub

\- Go to your GitHub account and create a new repository. - Name it
something like "multer-example" or any other relevant name.

\### 2. Clone the Repository Locally

Open your terminal or command prompt. Navigate to the directory where
you want to store your project and clone the repository using the
following command (replace \`\<your-username\>\` with your actual GitHub
username):

\`\`\`bash git clone https://github.com/your-username/multer-example.git
\`\`\`

\### 3. Navigate to the Cloned Repository

Change into the newly cloned repository:

\`\`\`bash cd multer-example \`\`\`

\### 4. Install Dependencies

Install the required dependencies (assuming you have Node.js and npm
installed):

\`\`\`bash npm install \`\`\`

\### 5. Start the Server

Run the server using:

\`\`\`bash npm start \`\`\`

The server will run on port 9999.

\### 6. Access the Form

Open your browser and navigate to
\[http://localhost:9999\](http://localhost:9999).

You'll see a simple form where you can enter a username and upload an
avatar image. The uploaded files will be saved in the
\`uploads/username/\` directory.

\### 7. Customize the README

Open the \`README.md\` file in your favorite text editor. Replace
placeholders like \`your-username\` with your actual GitHub username.
Customize the content as needed (e.g., add more sections, explain
additional features, etc.).

\### 8. Commit and Push Changes

Make any necessary changes to the code or README. Commit your changes
and push them to your GitHub repository:

\`\`\`bash git add . git commit -m "Customize README and code" git push
origin master \`\`\`

\### 9. Celebrate! ðŸŽ‰

Your repository is now set up with the provided code and README. You can
continue building on it, add more features, or share it with others!

\## Code Explanation

\### Server (app.js)

\`\`\`javascript const express = require('express'); const multer =
require('multer'); var fs = require("fs"); var bodyParser =
require('body-parser');

const app = express(); app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded({ extended: false
})); app.use(bodyParser.json()); app.use(express.static(\_\_dirname +
"/public/index.html"));

app.get("/", (req, res) =\> { res.sendFile(\_\_dirname +
"/public/index.html"); });

const storage = multer.diskStorage({ destination: function (req, file,
callback) { const path = \`uploads/${req.body.username}/\`; if
(!fs.existsSync(path)) { file.path = path; fs.mkdirSync(path);
callback(null, path); } else { file.path = path; callback(null, path); }
}, filename: function (req, file, callback) { callback(null,
file.originalname); } });

const upload = multer({ storage: storage });

app.post('/profile', upload.single('avatar'), (req, res) =\> {
console.log(req.file, req.body); res.send("file and body received"); });

app.listen("9999", () =\> { console.log("server running on 9999"); });
\`\`\`

\### HTML (public/index.html)

\`\`\`html \<!DOCTYPE html\> \<html lang="en"\> \<head\> \<meta
charset="UTF-8"\> \<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,
initial-scale=1.0"\> \<title\>File Upload with Multer\</title\>
\</head\> \<body\> \<h1\>Hello, This is \<b\>MULTER\</b\>\</h1\> \<form
action="/profile" method="post" enctype="multipart/form-data"\> \<input
type="text" name="username" placeholder="Enter username"\>
\<br\>\<br\>\<br\> \<input type="file" name="avatar"\>
\<br\>\<br\>\<br\> \<button\>Submit\</button\> \</form\> \</body\>
\</html\> \`\`\`

\## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. \`\`\`

Replace the placeholder URL in the \`git clone\` command with your
actual repository URL. Save the above content as \`README.md\` in the
root directory of your project.
